hello guys I am back and now since we
have beaten the hero and the dark story
we can now do the last story the last
story is unlocked once you beat hero in
dark story completely so like I said
when you be hero in dark story you can
pick wherever you want to start off in
that story if you ever want to play
through the story again again
so anyways time for us to start the very
last story I'm not going to be talking
for the rest of the video because of the
fact that this is a long cutscene and
it's quite interesting so yeah I won't
be silent from now on
what's that that vibration
you you haven't given up yet
what did I just receive a message from
my boss this space colony are currently
approaching the earth
it probably
what's that I'm screaming
this is a death sentence for every human
being
if my calculations are correct the space
colony R will impact the earth in 27
minutes 50
destroyed along with your beloved planet
Earth
I plan to give you a taste of my revenge
once all the seven Chaos Emeralds are
collected once I initiate this program
it cannot be disabled all of you
ungrateful humans who took everything
away from me will feel my loss and
despair
is there anything else you want to say
no honey what's going on here I plan to
give you a taste of my free the
vibrations getting worst one of the
greatest scientific minds in the world
and my grandfather what I knew you were
behind all this stop it right now we're
outside of them this a long time ago if
I had the chance
what do you mean
you're pretty persistent for a hedgehog
aren't you still alive just letting
knuckles pilot the shuttle on the way
over here was more dangerous than you
could ever be with this this is my
grandfather's diary
I don't quite know what happened or what
went wrong was it a mistake to create
the ultimate life form I thought it
would be something that would benefit
mankind but then the military guards
landed on the colony that day they were
sent to destroy the research project
that I have been working on my
colleagues at the research facility my
granddaughter
Maria I hope you are all safe the
cruiser washes down probably to keep an
attack from falling into the wrong hands
under the premise
I found Maria's name of a moose who died
when the art was shut down she meant
everything to me she died because of my
research I lost everything
I waited see what's to Avenger somehow
someway
based on my original projections I was
able to complete my project shadow I
designed its mind to be perfect if you
wish release and awaken it if she wants
to fill the world with destruction so
that's why you released shadow from the
base
my grandpa
shifted due to the amount of energy
given off by the Emeril's we have to
stop the energy
is a way to stop the energy we have to
use your ever
master the power to stop the chaos
that's right if I've used this I just
might be able to stop the Chaos Emerald
the reaction of the castle's is moving
still maybe some time left if we pull
together we might be able to get to the
shortcut that leads to the color
let's get to work